I would like to explain
why we always consider
conversions vital.
Look, on the one hand, think
the following, really we do what
we do is in digital marketing,
you make an investment, you
spend money on attracting
traffic on top.
That's the fate of your investment
that can be in different ways as you
already know.
Well, the key to getting a greater
or lesser return on that investment
already depends on the bottom
and depends on the conversion.
In addition, it is that you think one
thing, all companies are very easy to
attract traffic, it is almost a matter
of money and the key is, the competitive
advantage is in convincing your
customers better than the competition
because there you will generate
a competitive advantage.
Keep in mind the following, companies
what we do is invest in
many different campaigns,
channels, we are constantly
testing.
And there are some that go well, the numbers
go out, they are profitable
and others are not.
But of course, this depends a lot
on conversions, if you are excellent
converting, if your entire conversion
funnel is absolutely optimized,
each message attacks the customer
concerns, you have designed the
right touch points, etc.,
and you become better than the
others, you will be able to allow
yourself to invest in many more
channels and more aggressively.
That's what will generate you,
a greater growth than others, you have
more reach, you can grow more, you
will catch momentum and it's possible
that you end up generating even
entry barriers.
That's why you have to obsess conversion,
attracting traffic is very easy,
that's what anyone can
do, converting well is
much harder.
And on the other hand, managing
conversion ratios well, measuring
them permanently, keeping them
in mind and being part
of the CO and CMO concerns, etc.,
is a good starting point
for making decisions.
Why is it?
Because conversion rates are
very good indicators of the
business health and our value
proposition and are really
very good indicators
of customer behavior.
You have one thing in mind and
we have seen it on other occasions
when we talked about In Startup,
for example, you think that
you are managing aggregated
indicators.
Last month we had 8,000 leads and
this month we have 10,000.
Well, that is well.
You have to grow up like that, right?
But it is more important or more representative
of whether you do things well or badly
that you are measuring, for
example, the percentage
of leads on visits because the
ratio is representative of that
those visits convince them what
you tell them or not.
Do you understand the difference?
The numbers can be added.
We have more leads, we have more leads.
It's okay, but the ratio is what
tells us whether the new messages
we're incorporating into the
website, the developments of
our value proposal are in good
line or not.
Well, finally, I want you to know
that there are really very few companies,
we've known very few companies
that do this well.
In fact, there are thousands of
people who are experts in digital
marketing, in Google Analytics,
in Analytica, etc., but companies
that are really optimizing their
conversions and are working
this as we propose to be done,
there are very few and there
are very common mistakes.
For example, many companies do
what they do is obsess with more
traffic and forget about conversions.
So, there are many responsibilities
to generate more traffic.
But there are few people who
are thinking they are really obsessed
with optimizing conversions.
And that will be of course.
Another common mistake is that
even companies that are, which
monitor conversions, what
they do is measure, that
is, what they do is fix on
the most quantitative information.
For example, they know about Analytica,
and they have a dashboard with a
lot of information, etc.,
but they forget about the client.
They forget the pigs.
They are not able to gain
insights, to understand why,
the reason for those metrics.
That is the real difference.
That is the value.
The value of analytics, the value
of conversions, is not to have quantitative
information.
What you need to do is understand
what is happening, the customer'
s why, because so you can
make the decisions that make
the conversion ratings start.
Another common mistake is that
companies, in some cases, initially,
for example, you launch
the website, etc., are
concerned about conversions.
But only initially, that is, they did
not assimilate the concept of
permanent optimization.
Optimization is a permanent
obsession.
You have to be constantly thinking
about how to improve your
messages, how to impact the customer
better, how to improve
engagement with your customer
to increase conversion
rates throughout the entire funnel.